Title : SensorShare

Application Overview,
Windows Form
C#
 takes binary data taken from sensors. Displays them in an easy to read format (datagrid windows forms).
Allows for colour coded (customizable) data bounds to be displayed and calculates average of dataset.
 Must be able to load multiple datasets and naviagte between them.
it is "for Sensing4U that provides metrics and statistics to a wide range of companies from various sensors"
Has a search bar to find data point in grid
Saves data to binary +json metadata file.
Loads data from json and binary files

Iterative
The plan is to make an MVP and then iterate to add more features, this is currently just the MVP.
I worked on the Data Models first
Then the Data Processor class (singleton, handles all calculations)
Then dataview classs (handles all view based methods)
THen data processor (middle man between the two, small parsing but mostly just a framework/linking.
As I found needs for more data models I added them.
then finally focused on ensuring integration worked.

Requirements (verbatim from project brief)


Main Window 

Front end requirements 

A data grid 

Save and load menu options 

A display of the average values 

Inputs for the upper and lower bound of values 

Icons to move between datasets 

A visual indicator for acceptable, high, and low values 

Back-end requirements 

A sorted dataset 

Calculated average of the loaded data 

A binary search function 

The ability to move between loaded files 

Data Grid 

A visual representation of the sensor data that is being read in; it will contain three (3) colours. 

Green represents a sensor value in a known good range. 

Red represents a sensor value that is above the known good range. 

Blue represents a sensor value that is below the known good range. 

Will represent the contents of a 2d array. 

An indication of values that fall above, below, or within the user defined values. 

File Management 

Save and load binary (.bin) files, 

Files must be loaded into a collection that is passed by reference, 

(optional) save and load csv (.csv) files. 

Functionality 

The data processing class must be accomplished with a singleton class 

Searching must be accomplished with a custom binary search to locate values based on a user given property of the data such as its label, 

average of the currently opened set of data 

Feedback System 

A system for information to be given to the user when an error occurs. 

A system for information to be given to the user when an action occurs. 


Additional features implementd
binary search finds closest match and displays if it is exact, close or no
Datagrid loads row and column headers for more clear visual representation.
Autocalculates standard variance to allow for default bounds to be used without user input (upper = average + sv, lower = average - sv)

How to
Search Button
 - type search value into input
 - press search
 - message for if match found and what kind (exact, close or no)
 - highlight cell on data grid if yes
- error message if button press with no input

Clear bounds Button
 - Simply turns all cell colours back to white

Set bounds button
 if pressed with no inputs filled, displays default bounds calced by standard variance
 if one bound input (upper or lower), displays two colours for over or under
 if both bounds input, displays the bounds set by cell colour
blue = below bound
green = within
red = above bound

Prev button
 - loads dataset previous loaded, datasets are in static order ( 0, 1, 2)
 - so if on dataset 2 it will show 1. Essentially left shift down loaded list
 - button disabled if only one datset loaded or on index 0, to avoid confusion

next buttion
- exactly the sam as previous button except moves right along the line
same button disables rules (if one or at rightmost end)

Save button
open save dialogue, choose file location and name file in filename input
json and binary will be saved to that location
SAVES ONLY CURRENT DATASET IN VIEW

Load Button
open load dialog, choose JSON file to load from.
json file hold binary file name that will be in the same loaction (ensure your data is set up as so before use)
File will be loaded into dataview and appended to load data list (0,1,2,3)

Average display
automatically calculated and shown upon loading (read-only).

File title display
shown upon loading (currently only read-only as data cannot be manipulated only viewed.

Commit history, theres a real git, ill worry about that, just make me a table or something wit hhwat i should include

